The Joe Rogan.
Experience, which at Sage, which.
Which she got here, you.
Smoking in this show. No, bro. No,
you lighted up to kill the demons in the room. <laugh> this? Uh,
native American lady gave me this. Oh yeah. She came in to talk to us about,
I got in this, uh, long kick of, uh,
reading about native American history. Yeah. They actually,
a lot of 'em referred to themselves as American Indians, but uh,
and then this lady came in and was educated me on a lot of the issues and
brought me some Sage to clear out all.
The bad spirits. Yeah, no, I, I I've, uh, I, I believe in a lot,
I believe in a lot of these rituals, one actually not too long ago,
I was actually with, uh, with uncle Mike. Yeah.
You told me that with Mike Tyson and uh, getting rid of demons right now.
Yeah. Demons be gone. Don't start, don't start shaking back there, man. No.
We'll be all right. Jamie's no demon. Never. You never know.
Yeah. But I was able to, uh, cuz you know, as you know, Mike,
Mike has always talked about the toad, you know? Yes.
And I believe you've done the toad too.
Yeah. What the toad is,
what you're referring is five meth Oxy dimeethyltritamine that's excreted by
the toads skin. Um, they, they take this, uh,
type of toad. I forget the name of the toad, but they, uh,
get it excited and excreete this stuff from its skin onto glass.
And then they leave that glass out in the sun and it dry eyes that excretion
eyes.
And then you scrape it up with a razor blade and then you smoke that stuff.
Or you could just get a synthetic version of it, Colorado river toad.
That's what it issorin desert to it'ssorin. Yeah. And uh,
you can find the center of the universe through the excretions of this toad. Oh.
My, my God. It's a, a trip. Crazy Joe. It's a trip. So.
Had you, you done anything before this, before you did this,
did have you any experiences with psychedelics? Yeah, I've.
Done. Like I've I've, you know, I've done mushrooms and obviously high smoke,
which I don't know where all the Mary Jane is, but um, from here bro,
you want some.
Come on. You're retired. Yeah. Why not man? Come on Jeff. Nevitzky alone.
<laugh> navvinsky actually wanted everybody to be able to.
He's the one of the first guys to say it's nonsense.
It's not a performance enhanceer although with Nick Diaz, I think it might be.
Yeah.
I think with Nick Diaz it might actually be a performance enhancer <laugh> I
really think so, man, when he fought gomy they said he,
he had to have gotten hot.
He had much weed in the system when they tested him that he had to have gotten
high right before the fight. Yeah.
Light that up. Joe, you puff, puff, pass or
<laugh> of course.
So I'm gonna share my story with you, Joe.
And I want you to share yours with me. Okay.
What type of.
Leaf is this? Well that's um, tobacco on the outside. So it's a blunt, you know?
And then the inside it's the weed. I get this from speed weed.
Shout out to my man. Geno.
Geno is to check this out. You imagine you imagine doing the toe with, uh,
with somebody like Mike. I.
I get high with Mike and I got nervous just when I'm nervous. When I meet him,
look, he was one of my heroes when I was a kid.
Mike Tyson was the man. I mean,
in a way that it's hard for people to convey today to understand what a
cultural figure Mike Tyson was in like 1986.
It's hard to convey. You're not gonna, no,
one's gonna understand youngest ever heavyweight champion, you know,
knocks out Trevor Burick when he's 20 years old. Yeah, he was.
I was the same guy that beat Ali, right? Trevor bur.
Beat Ali, beat Ali late in his career when it was real sad. Who was,
was a real sad fight. Yeah. It was a real sad.
Fight. But it's touching. Remember when Ali went in the ring and gave,
gave Mike like a little pet talk. Yeah. You know? Yeah.
And then Mike and then Mike went out there and knocked that dude on the fish
runm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Muhammad Ali's like, this dude up for me. Will you? Yeah.
Yeah.
But anyways, to get back to that Joe soul. Yeah. You know, so, you know,
I I've been,
I've actually been shadowing Mike for like the Mike Tyson for like the last I'm
I'm good friends with, uh, with his manager, Rob, Rob Hickman.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and just the stuff that they're doing at Tyson ranchman is,
uh, it's pretty cool, man. Yeah. It's really cool. Right? Yeah.
They're they're bringing medicine to the world.
So Mike I've been on his podcast cuz he's always talked about the toad.
I was like, all right. You know, so I became him good friends with,
I call him uncle Mike man, cuz he's just, you know, he scares me a lot.
Every time he sees me, he's always, you know, he'll compliment,
but then he'll school me at the same time. So he always talked about the,
to I'm just like, well let's, let's do it then Mike let's do it, uncle Mike.
So he is like, man, dude, you sure you I'm like, yeah man,
you've been talking about it for a minute. So, you know, so we go out,
we go on this, uh, you know, the,
they have this whole real nice settlement with rituals or whatnot.
And we go out to, uh, to Antigua, which is an island off the, off the Caribbean.
We have a, I forget what they're called, uh, the person at, uh, shaman. Yeah.
Shaman. I'm sorry. And uh, he's out there and you know, Mike goes first,
so Mike, imagine this Mike Tyson does it, you know, Mike,
Tyson's Mike Tyson's he's he's doing and he's, he's going,
he's going a bit crazy man. Cause a lot of what, what that,
what that does is it brings out a lot of your, as you say, you know,
you open up the stage, a lot of your demons,
a lot of things that you've probably been holding onto for a minute mm-hmm
<affirmative> so I'm seeing, I'm seeing Mike over here,
twist and turn and kind of, you know, talk about a lot of,
I don't wanna share that stuff, but you know, talk about a lot,
a lot of his pastment <affirmative> you as me, as you said, he's, he's an idol,
he's a legend, you know, that's the way I look at Mike too. So I'm over here,
here, you know, I'm just like, I'm almost like tripping out,
but at the same time intrigued, you know, because,
so then I go up and I do it and uh, Amanda took me to, uh,
especially out of retirement here, man. Like I, I, I would,
I almost kind of somewhat wanted answers.
I was hoping that it would give me okay, man, this was like the path of whatnot.
And uh, it took me, it took me to like,
it took me to my mom's like your mom's like first love man. You know?
And it showed me like in a store almost like in a movie,
you know how I was born, how my mom had me, how I, how,
by the time I was eight years old, like I had my sister.
So I was no longer the youngest. How my mom kind of like, you know,
in all fairness, kind of somewhat pushed to the side,
leaving home at the age of 17. And, and,
and substitud my mom's love for self-fulfiment wrestling,
uh, mixed martial arts. And it brought me back to a little kid when I was,
uh, maybe four or five when I would cry to my mom.
Cuz I remember as a kid we would go, uh, we would go from LA to New Mexico,
like in greyhounds. And I remember stopping at McDonald's and things like that.
But to me, you know, as a kid, you don't know, know you're poor,
but what that did is that brought me back to the person that created me.
That brought me back to my mom's love man. So it like,
it like resurrected something in me and I was crying.
I was asking for like forgiveness. I was speaking in Spanish, like mom,
forgive me. Wow. It was something, uh,
it was something scary, some ways because it does it, it takes you out of your,
your body. Like it's, it's,
it's almost like you're in judgment day and you're the one that's being
convicted and you're the judge too. Mm. And it's telling you,
but it's giving you this certain peace. It's like,
you're so dead that you're alive. Whoa, it's a trip,
Joe. I don't know which ones you had, but this is what I can share. What,
what I can experience like it was, it was cool man.
Cause I was able to do it with special people. I did it with Kelvin.
Like we all did, like, it was,
it was already formally planning on my brother back there.
My mentor probably at me cuz they look out for me a lot. But man,
it was something that, you know, as an adult, you know, you have the rights to,
to make these decisions and, and sheriff it's good. And I,
I felt like the toll was probably one of the best things that's uh,
that's happened to me like honestly, cuz it,
it makes you realize and reflect on what truly matters.
I think there's a fear of it just because it's illegal.
I really think that's it. And it should be respected.
It's very dangerous in that sense that it could not,
not that it could do harm to you physically, if is the real deal,
it's not gonna do harm to you physically. Your body has it in it.
Your body knows what to do with it.
It's one of the reasons why it's such a quick trip,
your body knows how to bring that stuff back to baseline very quickly.
That's why it's only like a 15 minute trip. Yeah. Um, but it's not,
it's not bad for you all the time. I think it's like it,
it's a really powerful thing. That's it's gotta be respected. It could you up.
If you're not ready.
If you have some distorted versions of the world that you're operating under.
For me, one of the things that made me feel like right away,
one of the first things was realizing how much of like the way I talk
about things is like how you related. I was like,
I was trying to figure out,
like I would say things in a way that I wanted people
to say, Ooh, he phrased that cool. Like I would,
I would try hard to impress people with the way I was saying things.
And I was realizing that as I was trying to describe the trip after it was over,
I was like, that's interesting. Like,
so that probably leads to a disconnect between me and
someone who's listening because it's not a hundred percent what's going on in my
head. It's at least a little bit showmanship and.
And it made me realize it in that moment.
Like I think it probably made me a better,
everything probably made me a better comedian,
probably made me a better podcast or everything. It been a minute. When's it.
When, when did you do this for the first time?
The first time I did it was early two thousands. Okay.
So I guess we're looking at like 2002 ish somewhere
around then. Yeah. That was like first time I did it last time I did,
it was about two years ago, but the last time I did it, I did the other kind,
the N N dimeethyl treat actually maybe a little less than two years ago.
A little less than two years ago. Um, it was N N dimeethyl Tripp Tomine,
which is, um, that's the different version. That's the version of it.
That's in iwaka, that's the version.
There's a bunch of different snuffs and different ways that people try to,
uh, to get that stuff into their system.
But smoking it is the quickest smoking. It gets you free,
you vaporize it and it gets you right to the center of the universe immediately.
And um, all those things, you know, I think man,
one of the cool things about life,
like what you're talking about in your journey, your journey, uh, as a, as a,
as a man, your journey as a champion, your journey to become better and to,
to show what you're capable of this,
all of this is because no one gets it, right? You don't just get it right.
You it up and you try to do better and you, you fail.
And then you figure out what went wrong and you,
you just constantly analyze whatever you're doing and obsess
on it and you can become better at that thing. And through that,
you can understand that you can be better at anything.
And I think when you any kind of psychedelic
where you have an opportunity to look at yourself,
just really look at yourself accurately. You're not gonna like it.
<laugh> but it's gonna give you great benefit because it's gonna give you,
you're gonna be able to see yourself honestly and see whatever those flow it
does. Don't get that you have all these flaws, just fix,
'em just fix, 'em do your best to fix 'em and you're not gonna get it right.
Cuz ego's still gonna come creeping back in your life.
And ego's still gonna hold onto your legs and drag you down while you're trying
to run. <laugh> you know, that's what it is. Ego's like hanging on your ankles.
Are you trying to run like, come on, stay the same. Yeah,
but you can't stay the same to get better.
The way you get better is to relax and to,
to realize that you know, all, all your fuckups, all the fails,
all the that's not you just cuz you lost a match. Doesn't mean you're a loser.
You just lost.
Like you should be happy that you got this opportunity to feel terrible.
Cuz through that opportu opportunity to feel terrible.
That's where all the growth comes from. If you can survive it,
some people can't survive it. Right. You all know.
We all know those guys that were really good in the gym and they had like one or
two matches or one or two fights and they just couldn't handle the pressure for
whatever reason they couldn't handle the,
the things that went wrong and they just didn't wanna do it anymore.
But they could have been like a world beater. You know you, you,
everyone knows that guy. Yeah. Right. And what is wrong with that guy? Well,
that guy's got one aspect of your two part thing that you were talking about
heart inability. Right? He's got one aspect. He's got the ability,
but this it's, he's got a missing part and he doesn't wanna look at it.
Cause if he wanted to look at it, he would concentrate entirely on that. Yeah.
And he would get better at that, but it's hard. Yeah.
It's hard to look at yourself. Psychedelics, let you look at yourself like,
Hey stupid. <laugh> look at you. Remember the last time I did DMT, there was a,
a, a string of jokers,
like gestures with the bells on dancing in front of me going like this.
you just openly mocking me. And I was like, oh,
that must be what I need. I must need that. I'm like, that's good. That's good.
To see. Yeah. It's it's definitely a, it's definitely an ego check man.
Big times that dissolves it, man. Like, like with Mike, like he loves a dude.
Yeah. <affirmative> he's you know, he, he owes it to the, to the, to,
you know what I'm saying? Like that said that he,
he said that's been a big reason why he's changed his life. You know, Mike,
wasn't doing so well until, until he tried this and he, you know,
it talks about it all the time on his podcast. So he gives.
You an opportunity to shift it's.
It's hailed drug addicts. I mean,
drug addicts have gone from doing all kinds of crazy when they tried the toe and
they completely just left everything guys that they left.
Like almost like a dead man walking to a he's alive again. Mm <affirmative>.
He's here with us.